The Sustainable Development Goals (SDG) are an urgent call for action to reduce all forms of inequality and deprivation as well as to preserve the nature of our planet (UN, 2021). These goals are to be achieved by 2030. Migration is a cross-cutting issue and is relevant to all seventeen goals (Migration Data Portal, no date). While it is not explicitly one of the goals, it is crucial to understand migration patterns because of its relationship to the goals above.. This Web Page provides an overview of migration and its aftereffect: Remittances. 

Remittances are household incomes from foreign countries that result from the temporary or permanent movement of people to those countries (IMF, 2009). In the past years the interest in remittances increased and bridges between academic and political spheres were created (Gubert, 2017). A specific United Nation goal is to decrease transaction costs (SDG 10.c) of migrant remittances, as this is one of the most important and mature steps taken to increase incomes in developing countries (IOM, 2017). Concrete examples in the Global Forum on Remittances, Investment and Development (GFRID, 2017) have shown how migrant remittances and diaspora investments were reducing poverty and hunger and promoting access to health and education (UN, no date). 
8 facts about remittances
> About one in nine people worldwide are supported by migrant workers’ remittances.
> What migrants send home represents only 15 per cent of their income.
> The money they receive is key in helping millions out of poverty, as it can represent a large part of household income (gelb: steht so im UN Bericht finde ich aber etwas reisserisch)
> Remittances, in particular, can help achieve at least seven of the 17 SDGs
> Half of remittances go directly to rural areas where the world's poorest people live.
> They are three times more important than international aid and counting.
> Remittances remain expensive to send.
(UN, 2019)

In order to approach the reduction of inequalities – especially the remittance costs, it is crucial to better understand the global pattern and dynamics of migration and financial flows between countries. According to the Global Knowledge Partnership on Migration and Development (KNOMAD), which has the same objective, this knowledge can be used by policy makers in sending and receiving countries (Gubert, 2017).
